Update API Sync tasks based on RC features (#81)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/import-api-specification-maven.adoc

> = Importing an API Specification from Maven

Reviewer: DITTO prev. title edits in topic set
```suggestion
= Import an API Specification from Maven
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Studio allows you to import an API specification in a Maven repository into a new Mule Project, or an existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Studio enables you to import an API specification residing in an Apache Maven repository into either a new Mule project or an existing one.
```

> This feature is possible through API Sync. If you are using an older version of Mule Runtime (4.1.3 and below), or if you don't want to use this new design paradigm and would still prefer to import an API specification that's not in Exchange, follow the xref:studio::import-api-specification-design-center.adoc[Importing an API Specification from a Local File] steps.

Reviewer 2: and would still prefer > and want, or > and prefer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Mule runtime engine (Mule) 4.1.3 and earlier, or if you prefer to import an API specification that's not in Exchange, follow the steps presented in xref:studio::import-api-specification-design-center.adoc[Importing an API Specification from a Local File].
```

> == Importing an API From Maven Into a New Project

Reviewer: ditto globals and:
```suggestion
== Import an API from Maven into a New Project
```

> 

Reviewer: DITTO consider text transition between title and first step if there is something useful to add about why our audience might want to choose this method over creating a new project. GLOBAL in these topics.

> . In the top task bar, select *File*, then *New*, and then *Mule Project*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the taskbar at the top of the Anypoint Studio display, select *File* > *New* > *Mule Project*.
```

. Type a name for your project.
. Select a Mule runtime engine version 4.1.4 or later.

> . In the *API Specification* section, select the *From Exchange or Maven* tab, click the plus icon, and select *From Maven*. +

Reviewer 2: the plus icon > the Add icon. If it is not clear enough, you can insert the icon inline

> . In the *API Specification* section, select the *From Exchange or Maven* tab, click the plus icon, and select *From Maven*. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *API Specification* section, select the *From Exchange or Maven* tab, click the plus icon (+), and select *From Maven*. + 
```

You can either specify the Maven coordinates of your API specification, or you can install a local file into your Maven repository.

// tag::maven-tasks[]

> === Adding Your API From Maven Coordinates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Add Your API from Maven Coordinates
```

> If your API specification is in your corporate's Maven repository, you can add it as a dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your API specification is in your corporate Maven repository, you can add it as a dependency.
```

. In the *Import From Maven* screen, configure your API specification artifact definition:

> * Group ID.

Reviewer: No periods; these list items are all fragments.
```suggestion
* Group ID
```

> * Artifact ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Artifact ID
```

> * Version.

Reviewer 2: remove dots from bulleted lists

> * Version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Version
```

> . In the *Advanced Settings* section, make sure that the *Classifier* of your dependency is the same as your API specification type (RAML, for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Advanced Settings* section, verify that the *Classifier* value for your dependency is the same as your API specification type (RAML, for example).
```

Reviewer: What if it is not?

. Click *OK*.

> Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, uncheck the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* option.

Reviewer: This task topic is titled "Importing," so is it confusing to use "scaffolds" as the result of this task?
Also, at what point does the user unselect the Scaffold Flows checkbox? 
Should this step be in the previous task?

If this option is really a checkbox...:

```suggestion
Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, unselect the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* checkbox.
```
THIS IS A GLOBAL EDIT to each topic that contains this text.

> You can manage the API specifications in your project that are linked to Exchange from the API Project management view by clicking the *Manage Mule Project APIs* icon (image:manage-project-api-icon.png[2%,2%]) in the top task bar.

Reviewer: GLOBAL EDIT TO TEXT THROUGHOUT:

This is a separate task, right? Sort of a Next Steps item? Suggest this:

After you import them, you can manage the API specifications in your project that are linked to Exchange from the API project management view by clicking the *Manage Mule Project APIs* icon (image:manage-project-api-icon.png[2%,2%]) in the top taskbar.

> === Adding Your API From a Local File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Add Your API from a Local File
```

If you can't connect to the internet to download the API specification dependency from your corporate Maven repository, or if your API specification is not available in Maven, you can still make your specification available as a dependency by installing it to your local Maven installation:

. In the *Import From Maven* screen, next to the *Install a local dependency* field, click *Install*.

> . In the *File* field, you can type the destination to your file, or click *Browse* to browse through your files. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *File* field, either type the destination to your file or click *Browse* to find it in your files. +
```
Is the file the destination or does the file have a destination? Clarify "destination to your file," which sounds like it should be either "type the location of your file" or "type the destination of your file" (where it is going).

If you select *Browse*, make sure you change the file type to *any*. +

> You can add a ZIP bundle file as your API specification and click *Open*.

Reviewer: Is this a third option to typing the destination or browsing to one? Clarify.

> . Set up the rest of your Maven coordinates for your API artifact.

Reviewer: API artifact? Is this different from "specification" or "definition"? Try to use just one term for one thing, if not. Synonyms can trip up readers.

> . In the *Advanced Settings* section, make sure that the *Classifier* of your dependency is the same as your API specification type (RAML, for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Advanced Settings* section, verify that the *Classifier* value for your dependency is the same as your API specification type (RAML, for example).
```

> . Click *Install*, and *OK*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Install* and *OK*.
```
You generally do not need that comma unless you specify after it a new sentence subject or repeat the sentence subject.

> Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, uncheck the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* option.

Reviewer: This task topic is titled "Importing," so is it confusing to use "scaffolds" as the result of this task?
Also, at what point does the user unselect the Scaffold Flows checkbox? 
Should this step be in the previous task?

If this option is really a checkbox...:

```suggestion
Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, unselect the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* checkbox.
```
THIS IS A GLOBAL EDIT to each topic that contains this text.

> You can manage the API specifications in your project that are linked to Exchange from the API Project management view by clicking the *Manage Mule Project APIs* icon (image:manage-project-api-icon.png[2%,2%]) in the top task bar.

Reviewer: GLOBAL EDIT TO TEXT THROUGHOUT:

This is a separate task, right? Sort of a Next Steps item? Suggest this:

After you import them, you can manage the API specifications in your project that are linked to Exchange from the API project management view by clicking the *Manage Mule Project APIs* icon (image:manage-project-api-icon.png[2%,2%]) in the top taskbar.

// end::maven-tasks[]

> == Importing an API from Maven Into an Existing Project

Reviewer: ditto GLOBALS and:
```suggestion
== Import an API from Maven into an Existing Project
```

> 

Reviewer: DITTO consider text transition between title and first step if there is something useful to add about why our audience might want to choose this method over creating a new project. GLOBAL in these topics.

> . Select your project from the Package Explorer view.

Reviewer: Because it is Step 1...:
```suggestion
. In the Package Explorer view, select your project.
```

> . Click the *Add* icon (image:add-icon.png[2%,2%]), and select *From Maven*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Add* icon (image:add-icon.png[2%,2%]) and select *From Maven*.
```

> . You can specify your API specification's Maven coordinates, or you can install a local file into your Maven repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Specify your API specification's Maven coordinates or install a local file into your Maven repository.
```

> include::import-api-specification-maven.adoc[tag=maven-tasks]

Reviewer: Is this formatted correctly?
